Trust is won in the first two minutes.
1.2
Here's the proof you carry into every conversation.
2.1
Magppie was honoured at KBIS twenty-twenty-six in Orlando — the world's largest Kitchen and Bath Industry Show.
2.2
We won the Most Unexpected Innovation award, placing alongside global leaders like Caesarstone and LG.
3.1
One correction worth remembering: the award is Most Unexpected Innovation — not 'Most Innovative Kitchen Brand'.
3.2
Precision builds credibility.
4.1
Our kitchens are trusted by the Ambanis, M.
4.2
S.
4.3
Dhoni, Ranbir Kapoor, Shilpa Shetty, and business leaders like Peyush Bansal of Lenskart.
4.4
But here's the rule: use two or three names, maximum.
4.5
Never read the whole list — it sounds like a script.
5.1
When there is no showroom nearby, trust comes from systems: central manufacturing with uniform standards, in-house installation teams, written commitments, and pan-India guarantees.
5.2
Then always offer one of three things — a sample to their home, a video call with an expert, or a visit to a customer installation near them.
6.1
Note these three things.
6.2
One — the award is Most Unexpected Innovation, KBIS twenty-twenty-six, Orlando.
6.3
Two — celebrity names: two or three per conversation, never the whole list.
6.4
Three — no showroom nearby?
6.5
Offer a sample delivery, an expert video call, or a customer site visit.
7.1
Proof, precision, and three concrete offers.
7.2
Quiz time.